now I know what you guys are thinking
you're thinking is this guy hasn't done
a video in ages right try to tri-county
skills come on look one simply fell down
step addy hundred it's too funny oh ok
she got a move like this piece of
artistic skill the secondary triple kill
ah consoles you gotta love them whoop
come on that's it switch but they get
some backup I'll get a guy gone over
this grin head whoops jump triple Q okay
now this is pc game you look pissed look
at it folks how about I used to run
around with a nice because i couldn't
touch him now this is a loud piece of
shit game don't know why sweet island
like this but Abby stab you
with this track him down no back kill
streak oh my god now this genetic
gameplay look at it look lik this is PC
look up slamming fuck you
end of the day Kelso's a hundred times
bad pc gaming sucks cat move about takes
fucking forever he fucks your hands up
yet play like an invalid your hands
squashed for a fucking a day or two so
yeah modern warfare free little clip now
I'll show you why pc gaming 6 knob
viously imma beast that modern warfare
free no gay who you are play I only play
I used to play 6v6 team deathmatch but
now on black ops 2 up like kill compound
because I see any way to get your
killstreaks because I'm a fucking madman
Russia not like all you can't boys out
there so mmm anyway let's shut put the
bottom offer free and what I used to do
on 6v6 team deathmatch and then get to
the point of trying to move about on pc
game in which is highly irrelevant
because I'm never touching it again
piece of shit